[Event Grid binding] Add table of sources that Event Grid can receive evens from (#4409)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/eventgrid.md

- `create`: publishes a message on the Event Grid topic

## Receiving events

You can use the Event Grid binding to receive events from a variety of sources and actions. [Learn more about all of the available event sources and handlers that work with Event Grid.](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/event-grid/overview)

> In the following table, you can find the list of associated Dapr components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following table, you can find the list of Dapr components that can raise events.
```
